1. Eclipse
Eclipse is a platform that has been designed from the ground up for building integrated web 
and application development tooling. By design, the platform does not provide a great deal 
of end user functionality by itself. The value of the platform is what it encourages: rapid 
development of integrated features based on a plug-in model.

Eclipse provides a common user interface (UI) model for working with tools.  
It is designed to run on multiple operating systems while providing robust integration with 
each underlying OS.  Plug-ins can program to the Eclipse portable APIs and run unchanged on 
any of the supported operating systems. 

At the core of Eclipse is an architecture for dynamic discovery, loading, and running of plug-ins. 
The platform handles the logistics of finding and running the right code. The platform UI provides 
a standard user navigation model.  Each plug-in can then focus on doing a small number of tasks well. 
What kinds of tasks? Defining, testing, animating, publishing, compiling, debugging, diagramming...
the only limit is your imagination.

2. Xcode
Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools 
developed by Apple for developing software for OS X and iOS. First released in 2003, the latest stable 
release is version 6.1 and is available via the Mac App Store free of charge for Mac OS X Lion, OS X 
Mountain Lion, OS X Mavericks and OS X Yosemite users.[1] Registered developers can download preview 
releases and previous versions of the suite through the Apple Developer website.[2] However, Apple recently 
made a beta version of version 6.x of the software available to those of the public with Apple Developer accounts.

3.Rad Studio
RAD Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) for building Win32 applications. The RAD Studio IDE 
provides a comprehensive set of tools that streamline and simplify the development life cycle.AD Studio is the 
complete software development solution for rapidly building native applications for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android 
from a single codebase. Modernize existing Windows applications and create highly connected apps for gadgets and wearables. 
Deliver high performance, compiled native applications that easily connect with enterprise data, cloud services, devices, sensors, and gadgets.

4.Net Beans
NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with 
other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.[3] It is also an application platform framework for 
Java desktop applications and others.

The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting 
a compatible JVM.

The NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules. 
Applications based on the NetBeans Platform (including the NetBeans IDE itself) can be extended by third party developers.

5.FlashDevelop
FlashDevelop is an integrated development environment (IDE) for development of Adobe Flash websites, web applications and 
desktop applications. The resulting applications run in Adobe Flash Player or the Adobe Integrated Runtime, on Microsoft Windows, 
Mac OS X, Android or iOS.

FlashDevelop is free and open source software, mostly written in C# and is built on the efficient Scintilla editor component.
 It is extensible with a plugin architecture and is a .NET Framework 2.0 application only available for Microsoft Windows.