1.PHP
Server-side interpreted, non-compiled, scripting language. It can be written within HTML, because
the code is executed by the server, the result is displayed to the user as plan HTML.
PHP can:
-Generate dynamic content.
-Create, open, read, write and close files on the server
-Collect data.
-send, receive cookies.
-Add, delete, modify data in a database.
-Restrict users to access some pages on your website.
-encrypt data.
 The main difference between C# and PHP is that C# needs to be compiled. PHP is interpreted.

2.Java
Java is a programming language expressly designed for use in the distributed environment of the Internet. 
It was designed to have the "look and feel" of the C++ language, but it is simpler to use than C++ and enforces 
an object-oriented programming model. Java can be used to create complete applications that may run on a single 
computer or be distributed among servers and clients in a network. It can also be used to build a small application 
module or applet for use as part of a Web page. Applets make it possible for a Web page user to interact with the page.

Java is very similar to C# but it does not depend on the operating system. There are also differences in syntax and 
small differrence in the basic data types.

3.Python
Another server-side interepreted, open-source, scripting language.
Python can:
-Provide database access
-build websites
-build desktop graphical user inerfaces.
-build software and games.

The difference here is again that C# needs to be compiled, Python interpreted. Python can be used on different 
platforms.

4.Objective C
Object oriented programming language, based on C and used by Apple developers.Objective-C inherits the syntax, 
primitive types, and flow control statements of C and adds syntax for defining classes and methods. 
It also adds language-level support for object graph management and object literals while providing 
dynamic typing and binding, deferring many responsibilities until runtime.

The main difference is the platform.The syntax between the two languages looks very different, 
presumably because Objective-C has its origins in C and C# has its origins in Java/C++.

5.JavaScript
JavaScritp is know as the programming language of the web, because it is embedded in most web browsers.
It is dynamic and uses client-side scripts to interact with the user.It is also used in server-side network 
programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

JavaScript is again cross-platform and is not compiled like C#. C# requires a browser plugin like Silverlight to act as JavaScript. 
Even though it's running on a client machine.